do not
i
Hello everyone here your good friend Andrew 7
bringing you my new video that is titled
read the top part do not be hollow
x good if they read the top
They will know that my video will be a criticism
good pokemon without further waste of time
let's start with the good video
surely everyone has seen pokemon and the
which is not because it is someone who did not have a
childhood fuck xd well let's admit
that before pokemon was a great series that
we were all excited to see each chapter
although it was repeated xd but all
we know that with the passage of time
Pokémon has become very repetitive
it's always the same shit that gets us
it's always like this making a miserable
attempt to win the pokemon league but
wait for me I like pokemon asshole not
I will let you get involved with my anime
favorite here is my super attack of
tom fast fucking fucking alone
Try it asshole and you'll see how it goes
xd
well now that I got rid of ibar and
I will continue with my criticism of good
he kept saying that pokemon always
it's the same mother does not change anything before
I liked seeing what new pokémon came out
but now they are all pokémons of
forms made to the race x of in addition
every time they take out more attacks that I do not know
like shit an animal can do
similar thing xd to me I liked the
pokemons up to the third generation
but those of now are a big shit
well let's go to the next point the
new main characters to always
he is the protagonist as we all know
but the new companions are very
stupid since they replaced brock
and friendship and it's not the same way
acceptable but after that pendejada
from down to iris is not the same anymore with the
green hair that I do not even know how
it's called just I know it's a bad
imitation of brock because it is also a
gym leader who joined ace for
accompany him with his trip iris I do not know what
shit is also they say that in the
white pokemon or I do not know if it's black
she is a gym leader I started
play you are versions in my emulator
but when I played them I only got to
third gym or I do not remember what
gym was but it was
an airport with a big tower and I said
what the fuck is this is a total shit
it's not the same without the old pokemon
it's just strange the old
pokemon what satoshi tajiri became
a total shit good now at
next point the games good I admit
that from club and rules new versions
they have been improving until you can
fight with coaches from around the
world and all that but now it's much more
difficult to complete the pokédex since if
you do not have a certain version you can not
complete and you stay like this forever or
until you buy the new version and
every time the pokemon are more difficult
of getting either if some only get
find at night or by event wifi in
the personal thing I do not like very much the
new Pokémon games more than when
I played the black pokemon or I do not remember if
I was white when I saw the triple battle
I said but what the fuck is this and something else
what the fuck is there is a vampire that because
never grow old I do not think I've done
all that adventure shit in one
year xd and what happened to pikachu because
that I remember pikachu was chubby not
that pikachu all toothpick xd
in addition it becomes more mediocre every time
I understand why you only go
carries his strongest pokemones
a single league and so maybe have a chance
of winning it, but always only
takes pikachu and captures the first
pokemon that appears to him of good
So much for my video hope you there
liked and if not then I'm not interested xd
if they like you finger up and
subscribe to my xd channel